Add symfony/webpack-encore-bundle (#630)
sonata-project/sandbox: CONTRIBUTING_WEBPACK.md

Contributing webpack encore
===========================

### webpack configuration

> You can find configuration for each build under `builds_configs` directory. This structure will allow use diffrence 
> configuration for each layouts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find configuration for each build under `builds_configs/` directory. This structure allows to use different 
configurations for each layout.
```

> ```
> cd ./builds_configs/sonata_admin_adminlte2
> yarn install // to install node_modules
> yarn encore dev // to generate files under `public/build/sonata_admin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```sh
cd ./builds_configs/sonata_admin_adminlte2
yarn install # to install node_modules
yarn encore dev # to generate files under `public/build/sonata_admin
```

``` 

### templates and css frameworks

> Symfony allow override templates by using templates ([see more][link_symfony_templates]). Use it for testing your change.
> Before create PR move this file to used framework, for example `templates/bootstrap3`. You can also add other css frameworks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Symfony allows to override templates ([see more][link_symfony_templates]). Use it for testing your changes.
Before creating a new PR, move this file under the chosen framework directory (for example, `templates/bootstrap3/`). You can also add other CSS frameworks
```

and templates for them.

### Links:

- [webpack encore dev-kit issue][link_issue]
- [symfony webpack guide][link_symfony_webpack]
 

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
